---
layout: page
title: Repair Café 
start: '2019-04-06T10:00:00'
end: '2019-04-06T14:00:00'
displayDate: 'undefined'
displayTime: '10:00'
organiserid: 11380604458
organiserName: MESH
organiserAltName: mesh
ticketurl: https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/repair-cafe-tickets-53388587703
venue: THINQTANQ
geographic: Plymouth
lat: 50.3692729
long: -4.138561600000003
---
<H2>Fix It, Don't Bin It!</H2>
<P>Got things which need some TLC, are perhaps a bit broken and you haven't had the time or skills to fix them yourself? Don't throw them away, bring them to THINQTANQ and have a go at fixing them. We will have a mix of experts and complete beginners all willing to get stuck in on their projects! You don't need to be a handy man to fix most things and with a combination of coffee, internet videos, encouragement and some skill sharing you could well revive your posessions, save money and reduce your refuse footprint. Even if it can't be fixed, you will still have a great time, meet new people and learn new skills!</P>
<P><STRONG>FAQs</STRONG></P>
<H3>What sort of skills will you have there?</H3>
<P>We will have some tech experts, electronics, programming, general making, 3d printing and more. If you would like to add your skills and experience to the list, please let us know at exploremesh@gmail.com</P>
<H3>I would like to volunteer my skills, what do I do?</H3>
<P>Just drop us an email on exploremesh@gmail.com and let us know. We will get right back to you!</P>
<H3>What sort of things can I bring?</H3>
<P>Try to keep the things small enough to carry! But if you aren't sure, drop us an email at exploremesh@gmail.com and we will give you an idea if its a good idea to bring it!</P>
<H3>Will you fix my stuff for me?</H3>
<P>No, probably not. We have our own stuff to fix too but we can give youa helping hand, steer you in the right direction and help you build your confidence so you can get to work inspiring others too!</P>
<H3>How will the day run? </H3>
<P>We will pair a fixer up with a fixee so they can work on the item :) We plan to pop the coffee on, open the biscuits and take it as it comes. If you are happy to chat in a relaxed and awesome atmosphere whilst tinkering and learning new skills, this could be your new saturday destination!</P>
<H3>Are there ID or minimum age requirements to enter the event?</H3>
<P>There is no minimum age, but for safeguarding reasons under 18's need to be accompanied by a parent or guardian.</P>
<H3>What are my transport/parking options for getting to and from the event?</H3>
<P>There are lots of parking spaces around the area but our favourite is the car park under the Staples building. It is close by, offers long stay and is good value. </P>
<H3>How can I contact the organiser with any questions?</H3>
<P>Simply email exploremesh@gmail.com and tell us what is on your mind!</P>
<H3>Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the event?</H3>
<P>Mmm not really (save the trees!). Bring your e-ticket or just make sure you can remember your name!</P>
